nonstop,
Stop, what's wrong?
After saying that, you want to leave, right?
I don’t even know how to apologize, it’s really my mistress,
Every time I raise him, you say he is my mistress.
I want to take it down, sorry,
It’s not like I have a strong or negative temperament.
Let me tell you, I think you are crazy,
I don't even recognize your misunderstanding.
Come on, what are you talking to him about?
Solution, this is your fate!
This belongs to me, and you are the mistress.
He looks very reasonable and does not usually act like a fool.
It's better to prepare to continue, right? It's sliding.
you really are
How do I tell everyone my identity?
Look how good I am
what did he say
He said you are too early for me
It just tastes bitter to me
It's impossible for you to be just a mistress
It turns out that you have to take the blame for everything in the world
Not like this anymore
I never acknowledged him
The only person I love is you
I know how to slide
If you really love him
Even his political identity is concealed
It’s really a fermentation of identity
I'll tell you today
To make you give up, you are not even a human resources manager.
He got the total score
That's the total he got